Change misleading text about .NET Framework compatibility mode (#33328)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/index.md

## .NET Framework compatibility mode

> The .NET Framework compatibility mode was introduced in .NET Standard 2.0. The compatibility mode allows .NET Standard and .NET (including .NET Core) projects to reference .NET Framework libraries as if they were compiled for .NET Standard. Referencing .NET Framework libraries doesn't work for all projects, such as if the library uses WPF APIs, but it does unblock many porting scenarios. For more information, see the [Analyze your dependencies to port code from .NET Framework to .NET](third-party-deps.md#net-framework-compatibility-mode).

Reviewer: Based on the conversation I propose this:

```suggestion
The .NET Framework compatibility mode was introduced in .NET Standard 2.0. The compatibility mode allows projects to reference .NET Framework libraries as if they were compiled for the project's target framework. The .NET Framework compatibility mode is not limited to .NET Standard 2.0 but extends to any .NET runtime that implements .NET Standard 2.0, such as .NET Core. However, some .NET implementations may support a larger chunk of .NET Framework than others. For example, .NET Core 3.0 extends the .NET Framework compatibility mode to Windows Forms and WPF.

Referencing .NET Framework libraries doesn't work in all cases, as it depends on which .NET Framework APIs were used and whether or not these APIs are supported by the project's target framework. Also, some of the .NET Framework APIs will only work on Windows. The .NET Framework compatibility mode unblocks many porting scenarios but you should test your projects to ensure that they also work at runtime. For more information, see the [Analyze your dependencies to port code from .NET Framework to](third-party-deps.md#net-framework-compatibility-mode).
```

Author: The only issue with this, I think, is that the the article "for more information" now has less information than this one. English is hard...

Let's transplant the text from that page onto this one:
```suggestion
Starting with .NET Standard 2.0, the .NET Framework compatibility mode was introduced. This compatibility mode allows .NET Standard and .NET Core projects to reference .NET Framework libraries. Referencing .NET Framework libraries doesn't work for all projects, such as if the library uses Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) APIs, but it does unblock many porting scenarios. For more information, see the [Analyze your dependencies to port code from .NET Framework to .NET](third-party-deps.md#net-framework-compatibility-mode).
```

And we can move this new text that you've proposed to the "more information" article, instead. The we're editing here seems like a "light on specifics, lets you easily skim the problems you might have" type of thing, while the linked one seems to go into much more detail about the nuances of porting.

Sound like a plan?

For a list of all target monikers, see [Target frameworks in SDK-style projects](../../standard/frameworks.md#supported-target-frameworks).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
